# Netflix-Landing-Page
About this project
Netflix is a video streaming subscription platform that allows its members to watch TV shows and movies without commercials on an internet-connected device. It is available as both a mobile app and a web app.  This project is the clone of the landing page using HTML, CSS, and Vanilla Javascript.  The font of Netflix is  Helvetica but on this clone, I used Arial because it was available for free on font awesome. It has a dark background and on top of it is divided into three parts ie the header, the section, and the footer. 

The header has a class called show which contains a background image that covers 100% of the width and 93 of the viewpoint height. The background has a z-index of 1 and the content has a z-index of 2 in order for the content to overlap the background. The section has a class of tab and tab-content. I used javascript to grab both the tab and its content. The Javascript has a function that moves borders and also shows the content of each tab as it loops through. The tab has three contents. The first content is displayed in a grid with two columns for a screen of more than 700pixels and has one column for a screen of less than 700pixels. The second tab is divided into two columns which are the top and the bottom. The top is displayed in a grid with two columns for a screen of more than 700pixels and in a block form for a screen of less than 700pixels.  The bottom is displayed in a grid with three columns for a screen of more than 700pixels and has one column for a screen of less than 700pixels. The third tab has a table that shows the price of each subscription plan. The footer is displayed in a grid with four columns for a screen of more than 700pixels and in two columns for a screen of less than 700pixels. 
